1. Introductions

.quarterly events (round the solstice time)
.now a community interest company. Money goes in to support company and mission
.iotec main sponsor
.someone who likes freelancers? (ben is the name).

2. Julian Summerhayes

.visage
.fade to gray
^^^music he likes

.read seth godin
.he doesn't read off slides! Good!
.interesting thought here. are we working like a professional or an amateur
.interesting observation about being glued to your phones. we need to be disciplined about how we do it. 
.social networking apps feed 'resistance'. feed the part of your body that wants to avoid doing the difficult work
. 'deep work' kyle newport. it's important to focus on 'deep work' not 'shallow work'. We should be doing that as well as creating art.
. This isn't about pleasing our boss this is about doing it for ourselves.
. 'leo baubarter' 'zen habits blog'
. Write down 3 most important things to get done today. If you do more great but just focus on that. To do lists are a joke
. Time blocking. Block off time where you focus on one thing at a time. Between hrs x-y you do your best work.
. keep browser tabs down.
. finish what you start. 'all these open loops just feed resistance'
. coming away from social media he has not missed out on anything.
. with timeblocking we don't know 'when to turn off' and it's just as important to listen to your body rhythm
. no, does not do meditation or spirituality. all his thinking time is walking two dogs.
. for him he tries to have a period of his day where he doesn't do anything.

3. craig mcneile

. lecturer at plym
.8000 cores, data sets are 20 Tbytes
. Written in C & C++, R, Python
. Big calculation from scratch is 5 years
. efficiency of code is REALLY important
. efficiency of 38% of peak performance has been done
. parallel system 250 terabytes
-> why not cloud?
. always cheaper to run on own clusters as opposed to Azure or AWS
. using openstack etc
. clusters called 'dirac'
. goal: discover what 95% of the universe is (dark matter/energy)


4. Lorna dallas

.engineer at babcock and chairs; women in stem plymouth
.increase gender equality in stem



5.  Paul Wright CEO Iotec

. came down from london just to have this talk
. 'disrupting big business'
. if you're living and breathing what you're doing don't get too distracted or ahead of yourself. some companies start with a clear focus, come along to a distracting focus and struggle.
. be sure to get the tech right. i.e. BSB bought their own satellites for 600 million. Sky decided to use 6th-7th gen tech (much cheaper, more reliable). Used current satellite in the system.
. no matter what you do though, it won't be perfect and you will need iterations
.

6. Kate Pasterfield (sponge) mobile VR in the Workplace

.I think this is the group from the book andre gave me. 
.spongeuk.com/vr

.didn't use daydream, used 20 pound headset like a cardboard. 
 --> Sponge *are* recruiting

7. Merika Kindlon (commercial executive of Plymouth Science park)

. PSP up by derriford. Joint between council and uni
. job growth
. businesses must be in science or tech sector
. 150 companies all shapes/science. Went over 1000th employee on park.
. 180-200k square feet o' space. 2-3 units left

8. Shaun Aptus Digital IT recruiting plymouth

. Possibility for my 20h?
avg current salary > 32 45k
. those who remain loyal to their employers earn less.
.  
